We are happy to inform you that your challenge request has been accepted.
The invoice for your challenge will be sent to the address you indicated shortly, unless agreed otherwise.

For your convenience, we have already created the challenge page for you at {{ challenge_link }} .
Note that your challenge is currently hidden and is not yet listed on our challenge overview page. Once your challenge is all set-up, you can make it public by going to Admin - General Settings and unchecking the 'hidden' box.

To get your challenge ready, please have a close look at our documentation (https://grand-challenge.org/documentation/create-your-own-challenge/) and the steps below.

Next steps:
1. On your challenge page, go to Admin - General Settings and carefully review all information there, upload a logo and banner for your challenge, optionally enable the forum (recommended) and teams features and choose your preferred access request handling policy. All these options are described in our documentation.
2. Add information about your challenge, your submission procedure, the challenge timeline etc. to your challenge page by editing and adding custom subpages to your challenge. For more information, see the tab 'Add custom pages' in our documentation.
3. A first phase has been added to your challenge, to add more go to Admin - Phases - Add a new Phase. Please carefully read our documentation for details on how to set up your phases.
4. IMPORTANT: To enable algorithm submission for your challenge phases, we need to know which input and output interfaces the algorithms submitted to your challenge require. You can read more about interfaces here: https://grand-challenge.org/documentation/choose-input-and-output-interfaces/. Please let us know which interfaces you will need so we can configure your phases accordingly and create archives for each of your phases. Only after the interfaces have been defined will you be able to upload your data and set up your evaluation container.

Feel free to contact support@grand-challenge.org if you have any questions or require assistance in setting up your challenge.

Thank you for choosing Grand Challenge. We are looking forward to hosting your challenge.
